try moving like that when you're my age
I will I will move like that when I'm
your age I invest time and energy into
my body and that and that is why I'm
gonna have a healthy body at an older
age but the secret to joint health is
not stretching whatsoever it's quite
simply any form of movement whether that
be a strength training type of movement
a dancing type movement can you tell I
don't know how to dance or something
simple like walking or even running
basically the more you move the more
nutrients actually get to your creaky
joints but if your joints feel a little
angry all the time and you have a
relatively healthy diet and an active
lifestyle and I'd recommend trying a
joint health supplement that gives your
body the building blocks it needs to
make better joints and now is the
perfect time because we have a huge
Labor Day sale and you can get an
additional 15 off just by subscribing to
the purchase 15 plus 25 you could
literally save up to 40 off time to
start giving your joints some love stay
flexy